feat: peerstore persistence (#619)
libp2p/js-libp2p: src/peer-store/README.md

- `change:multiaadrs` - emitted when a known peer has a different set of multiaddrs.
- `change:protocols` - emitted when a known peer supports a different set of protocols.

## Data Persistence

The data stored in the PeerStore can be persisted if configured appropriately. Keeping a record of the peers already discovered by the peer, as well as their known data aims to improve the efficiency of peers joining the network after being offline.

> The libp2p node will need to receive a [datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore), in order to store this data in a persistent way. A [datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore) stores its data in a key-value fashion. As a result, we need coherent keys so that we do not overwrite data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The libp2p node will need to receive a [datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore), in order to persist this data across restarts. A [datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore) stores its data in a key-value fashion. As a result, we need coherent keys so that we do not overwrite data.
```

> The PeerStore should not be continuously updating the datastore with the new data observed. Accordingly, it should only store new data after reaching a certain threshold of "dirty" peers, as well as when the node is stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PeerStore should not continuously update the datastore whenever data is changed. Instead, it should only store new data after reaching a certain threshold of "dirty" peers, as well as when the node is stopped, in order to batch writes to the datastore.
```

> Taking into account that a datastore allows queries using a key prefix, we can find all the information if we define a consistent namespace that allow us to find the content without having any information. The namespaces were defined as follows:

Reviewer: This is a bit hard to follow, maybe simplify to something like:
```suggestion
The peer id will be appended to the datastore key for each data namespace. The namespaces were defined as follows:
```

**AddressBook**

> All the knownw peer addresses are stored with a key pattern as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the known peer addresses are stored with a key pattern as follows:
```

`/peers/addrs/<b32 peer id no padding>`

**ProtoBook**

> All the knownw peer protocols are stored with a key pattern as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the known peer protocols are stored with a key pattern as follows:
```
